Bump pylint to 2.12.0, update changelog (#5302)
PyCQA/pylint: doc/whatsnew/2.12.rst

***************************

:Release: 2.12
:Date: 2021-11-14

Summary -- Release highlights
=============================

> In 2.12, we introduced a new option ``py-version`` that will permits to analyse code for a python

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In 2.12, we introduced a new option ``py-version`` that permits to analyse code for a python
```

> version that may differ from your python interpreter. This is not effective for all checkers but

Reviewer: ```suggestion
version that may differ from your current python interpreter. This does not affect all checkers but
```

> permits for example to check for python 3.5 code smell (f-string used) using pylint with python 3.6.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
permits, for example, to check for python 3.5 code smells (using f-string's) while using pylint with python 3.6.
```

The minimum version to run pylint is now 3.6.2, while the last working version for python 3.6.0
and 3.6.1 was pylint 2.9.3.

> On top of fixing a lot of false positives and bug, we also added new default checks, like

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On top of fixing a lot of false positives and bugs, we also added new default checks, like
```

> ``use-implicit-booleaness-not-comparison``, ``overridden-final-method``, or ``useless-with-lock``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``use-implicit-booleaness-not-comparison``, ``overridden-final-method``, and ``useless-with-lock``.
```

> There's also better check for TOML configurations.

Author: ```suggestion
There's also better check for TOML configurations.

Lastly, in addition to the information we already had about start line and start column,
we introduced new information about the end line and end column of messages. This
will permit to have more precise visual clue in IDE like in pylint for vs-code. The default
will stay the same to not break compatibility but it can be retrieved by adding ``end_line``
and ``end_column`` to the ``--msg-template`` option. For better result stick to python 3.8+.
```
@DanielNoord

The checker for Yoda conditions is now an extension, you might want to enable it if you were
relying on this check. There's also a new extension checker, ``consider-using-any-or-all`` that

> detect for loops that could be replaced by any or all, entirely contributed by @areveny,

Author: @areveny are you ok with being highlighted in the release highlight ?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
detects for loops that could be replaced by any or all, entirely contributed by @areveny,
```

Reviewer 2: Sure! I appreciate the shout out.

> welcome to the team !

Reviewer: We might want to add something about `end_line` here!

Author: Of course, it's one of the major feature (even if added ligning fast in the last week before release) ! Nice catch.
